NAME
      cbd-filtermatrix -- apply a filter to a distance matrix

SYNOPSIS      
      usage: cbd_filtermatrix [-h] [-f FILTER] inputPath sourcePath destPath group

DESCRIPTION
      Apply a filter to a distance matrix to select groups for microbiota
      comparisons.

      The inputPath positional argument is the path to a file with the list of
      paths to the input sequence files and the groups each file belongs to.
      Each line of the list file has two tab delimited fields: (1) path to a
      sequence file, (2) list of groups the sequence file belongs to.  Each
      sequence file contains the sequence reads for a microbial community.  The
      list of groups is a semicolon delimited list of group names.  In the
      following example, the sample1 fasta sequence file includes groups
      patient1 and day7.

          /myhome/sample1.fasta    patient1;day7

      The sourcePath positional argument is the path to the source distance
      matrix created by cbd-buildmatrix and saved by cbd-getmatrix.

      The destPath positional argument is the path to the destination distance
      matrix after the filter is applied.

      The group positional argument is the list of groups to apply with the
      filter.  The list is a semicolon delimited list of group names.

      The --filter optional argument specifies the filter to apply to the source
      distance matrix.  Valid filters are 'within' to select one group,
     'without' to exclude one group, and 'between' to select multiple groups.

positional arguments:
  inputPath             path to file with list of input sequence files
  sourcePath            path to source distance matrix file
  destPath              path to destination distance matrix file
  group                 list of group identifiers (separated by semicolon)

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f FILTER, --filter FILTER
                        type of filter (within, without, or between)

EXAMPLES
      Filter a distance matrix to select samples within group patient1:
      > cbd-filtermatrix mystudy.input mystudy.csv dest.csv patient1

      Filter a distance matrix exclude samples with group patient5:
      > cbd-filtermatrix --filter without
        mystudy.input mystudy.csv dest.csv patient5

      Filter a distance matrix to select samples between groups day0, day7,
      and day14:
      > cbd-filtermatrix --filter between 
        mystudy.input mystudy.csv dest.csv 'day0;day7;day14'

SEE ALSO
      cbd-buildmatrix
      cbd-getmatrix

AUTHORS
      Mike Mundy 

