SYNOPSIS
     .fba-adjusttempbiocpd <Template ID> <Biomass ID> <Compound ID> [-?cehvw] [long options...]
	-c --compartment     Compartment of template biomass compound
	--coef               Coefficient of template biomass compound
	--coeftype           Coefficient type of template biomass compound
	--class              Class of template biomass compound
	--universal          Indicates if template biomass compound should be
	                     universal
	--linkcpds           Compounds linked to current compound (;
	                     delimited)
	-w --workspace       Workspace with template model
	-e --showerror       Set as 1 to show any errors in execution
	-v --verbose         Print verbose messages
	-? -h --help         Print this usage information

NAME
     .fba-adjusttempbiocpd -- adjust compound in biomass reaction of a model template

DESCRIPTION
      Adjust a compound in the biomass reaction of a ModelTemplate object.

      The 'Template ID' positional argument is the ID of a ModelTemplate object.
      The 'Biomass ID' positional argument is the name or UUID of a biomass
      entity in the ModelTemplate object.  The 'Compound ID' positional parameter
      is the ID or name of the compound to adjust.  The compound can be specified
      by any of its aliases.

      The --workspace optional argument is the ID of the workspace containing
      the ModelTemplate object.

      The --compartment optional argument specifies the compartment of the
      biomass compound.  Valid values are 'c' for cytosol, 'd' for plastid, 'e'
      for extracelluar, 'g' for golgi, 'h' for chloroplast, 'l' for lysosome, 'm'
      for mitochondria, 'n' for nucleus, 'p' for periplasm, 'r' for endoplasm,
      'v' for vacuole, 'w' for cellwall, and 'x' for peroxisome.  The default
      value is 'c'.

      The --coef optional argument specifies the coefficient of the biomass
      compound as a floating point number.  The default value is 1.0.  The
      --coeftype optional argument specifies the type of the coefficient.  Valid
      values are MOLFRACTION, MASSFRACTION, AT, GC, MULTIPLIER, EXACT, MOLSPLIT,
      and MASSSPLIT.

      The --class optional argument specifies the class of the biomass compound.
      Valid values are dna, rna, lipid, protein, cellwall, and cofactor.

      The --universal optional argument indicates if the biomass compound should
      be marked as universal.

      The --linkcpds optional argument specifies a semicolon delimited list of
      compound IDs that are linked to the compound.

EXAMPLES
      Add a new compound to the biomass:
      >.fba-adjusttempbiocpd

SEE ALSO
     .fba-adjusttempbiomass
     .fba-gettemplate
     .fba-importtemplate

AUTHORS
      Christopher Henry

